scripts: unity: Fix whitespace not handled correctly (#6478)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

This section provides detailed lists of changes by :ref:`script <scripts>`.

Unity
-----

> * Fixed bug not wrapping function declarations with whitespace between identifier and parameter list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed bug that resulted in the mocks for some functions not having the __wrap prefix. This happened for functions declared with whitespaces between identifier and parameter list. 
```
